---
layout: post
title: rambling on...
tags: [muses]
description: 
---

It's funny how different it is blogging for myself or maybe-my-audience; having to think about the readers of the content and of a way to keep interest. It's almost like doing a homework assignment for a professor or one of my teachers, but this time, making sure that my assignment is relevant and consistent with its own quirks.  However, now, instead of one or a few peers that look at my essay, it's anyone on the open internet that is able to access this post. I've always found essays to be interesting to create, compared to having to analyze a specific part of a text, these posts I can make now allow for more creativity and enjoyment.

From writing about the features of a universal keychain application in marketing class, to the analysis of [John] Hagueland's ideas of artificial intelligence, it all helped push me further in developing my own writing style. Abstracting specific content, continuing the research, digesting it to fit the purpose of the composition, and then fitting my own viewpoint and framing the argument. (And being wordy.) Looking back, I thought that I had weaknesses in English class because of my grades from various papers and work were not satisfactory enough, but it seems more like it was a lack of focus and partially limiting myself to the limits of rubrics. Despite the intention of making essays better and trying to prevent silly mistakes, standards might have hindered my creativity. But now I can rant irregardless of a baseline but...

It seems that now, there's much more freedom for an individual to write an article or post on any topic. Whether to inform, analyze, or criticize, there are many means for an author to publish a work and have it consumed by an audience. In this age, anyone has a voice on the internet despite how vast and incomprehensibly large it may be. Even as I gather random ideas from my mind and the thoughts that pass through me, I'm able to put them down in the form of words and they are able to express my ideas. What may look like a thoughtless incoherent rant can turn into something more with the right content around it, as each sentence can complement one another.

Forgive me if this post got really long winded and wordily confusing but this one came without much thought and revision! It harkens back to the days when I still used Xanga and everyone had a mini-blog of their thoughts. I promise that my future posts will be more concise!
