---
layout: post
title:  An Unresolution
categories: [muses]
tags: [words, swimming, programming, style]
description: 
---

My year in review. One year, which is a surprisingly long time with the mundane and the repetitive. But also quick if you keep yourself busy with anything! Last year around a similar time, I was preparing to go to Fullstack Academy, which would only continue to change my life for the better. But on this day, hanging out with friends and killing time for whatever the future would bring. I'm definitely thankful and glad to have accomplished and done all sorts of things this last year.

Compare and contrast, while there where improvements, it should only be further up from here:

###A Cool 2015:
* Actually do a flip turn! Incorporating a flip turn into normal laps with freestyle and backstroke is really fun. Hopefully it also intimidates other scrubs in my lane.
* Start taking drum lessons, still a scrub that should practice though.
* Work at a place where I can program, continue to logic out problems, and build things that can make life better.
* Lose 50 pounds! Couldn't believe I was 210 pounds at one point. Next goal is down to 150 pounds but man, it's weird being a small size now!
* Get rid of old clothes that I definitely wouldn't wear anymore. <sup><sup><em>Because I lost weight, eheheheh.</em></sup></sup>
* Continue building content into my blog, learn more about templating and solidifying my knowledge with CSS.

###Need to 2016:
* Decrease my 50 Free time down to 40 or even 30 seconds. Gotta 1-Up these kids who practice with their coaches!
* Practice drumming more, I've been taking lessons but not practicing as much as I'd like. Gotta do a para-diddly-diddle-diddle!
* Properly take up another programming language and become okay at it! 
* Stay more adamant about my diet/exercise, but not sacrifice so much that I can't play games! I've definitely been lacking on the game playing front since I started this regimen.
* Keep building up my wardrobe and make sure every article works with each other, all the pieces must count!
* Post more content on me blog, my "busyness" got in the way of posting content. I have things I could revise and put out now so that it shall be done tomorrow! Let's try for bi-weekly and continue making more content. My blog is due for another cleaner redesign too.

<strong>TL;DR</strong> More swim, drum, program, style, health, games, blog.  
<strike>Also fix my base homepage because it seems to have broken for some reason.</strike> Because a giant unreasonable HTML file was being rendered in the front end. Funky.