---
layout: post
title: city of saints
categories: [games]
tags: [games]
description: 
---

Grand Theft Auto 5 is an amazing game. From the voice work to the visuals, this game is definitely a AAA title worth your money. As of writing this piece, I've already clocked in 70 hours worth of play, and it only came out last week! It does so many things well, and hits all sorts of humor from me. 
From the very beginning, whether you play the single player campaign or jump straight into online, there is always something to do. 

Within the single player campaign, we meet our three protagonists, Michael, Franklin and Trevor. Each of them are very distinct in the personalities, aspirations, and mannerisms. There are many wonderful personalities that you meet throughout the game.

If you dig past the mechanics of the game, the very messages it seems to send are wonderfully crafted and delivered to the player. From the parody of the current lifestyle, this game captures the moment in time in which it was made. Selfies, hipsters, desire for fame and fortune, distrust of government, conspiracies, stereotypes and so many other social issues are touched upon in this game.

My only gripe with it was that Rockstar could have pushed it all a step further. (Aside from the launch day incompatibilties and constant crashes with my AMD drivers.) Everything is very well done but it feels as though there could have been more customizability. Coming from a game like Payday 2, where one can customize weapons to your heart's content, there could have been more improvements to the gunplay. Don't get me wrong however, I love the way that the game plays and responds to you.

My taste in cars has definitely improved as a result of seeing all these beautiful cars skirt across the streets of Los Santos and San Andreas. There is so much customizability that can go into your own car. Especially online, where you can actually have a garage of various vehicles, from bikes, sedans, coupes, muscle cars, and such, you can easily develop your own tastes. 

For my first forray into the Grand Theft Auto series, this was definitely a great experience.