---
layout: post
title: a fuller stack
categories: [technology]
tags: [programming, web development]
description: 
---

As of recently, I've noticed there has been a rise in the amount of interest in programming bootcamps among many people I have chatted with. Instead of going through a traditional 4 year computer science program, many have elected to apply to an intensive bootcamp and pave a way towards a change in career or solidify their own knowledge of the web. For me, instead of following the path of IT (as fun and super tinkery as it may be), I found that programming felt so much more rewarding. As I started to wrap up my time in college, I saw a few mentions of programming bootcamps on Reddit and Combinator so I took a look.

If I chatted with a younger version of myself, he would be quite surpised that I chose to go down the path of programming/web development. While going through school, I was never truly sure about what I would really do in the future. From the beginning at St. Bartholomew's Catholic School, to Renaissance Charter school, to a rough transfer to IS 73, then into Bronx Science, and finally CUNY Baruch, I just went with the flow and did pretty much what was required of me and didn't really give too much thought into how the future would go.

It wasn't until college that I started to realize more of my love of technology. Though I always took apart and broke toys that I had when I was young, the idea of playing with something that responded back to me was always fun. The privilige of my first computer (technically my dad's) being Windows 95 and along with being able to play with a NES also brought me more fun than passively watching tv. Being able to play games online, browse websites, and even listen to music was such a huge revelation for a very young me. Jumping back into the present, it only makes sense that I would follow along the path of technology.

Choosing a programming bootcamp was not a very difficult process, especially since living in New York, there were many options available. Flatiron School, Fullstack Academy, App Academy, and so many more were all options. Though I applied to a few, it was Fullstack Academy which I finally settled on after chatting with a cool fellow named Huntly. He helped me through my interview process and while going through various coding challenges, allowed me to gleam a bit more into becoming a part of Fullstack.

The whole application and interview process took about a month, and after that, I would be joining the January 2015 cohort! My first steps into becoming a developer were much closer, but not without some struggle. After being accepted, there is more work to be done to get everyone on the same level when they walk into the first day of classes. Within Fullstack, the stack we worked with was MEAN; MongoDB, Express, Angular.js and Node.js which all worked communicated together to build a whole web application. For our pre-work, it was hitting on all the basics of web development, HTML, CSS, Javascript (a bit of jQuery), some familiarization with Node, and then a few tiny projects to put all of these building blocks together.

I was very worried that since I had troubles with getting the basics of Javascript down, I would be behind but somehow I was able to trudge through and reinforce the basics of my knowledge then. Coming into the first week was a bit stressful because I wasn’t able to complete all of my pre-work but Nimit and David, the co-founders of Fullstack Academy, were very patient and worked thoroughly through all of the problems that we were assigned. From successive weeks, everything we learned continued to build upon other things we had learned previously. Definitely an intense set of work each day, a small lecture in the morning, a day to work through the workshop, some review midday, more work through the afternoon, and then a full review of the workshop at the end of the day. This schedule went for the first 6 weeks of our curriculum, then we had week of break to reflect upon all that we learned (or we could come in to work on various things), and then we would move onto our senior phase, another 6 weeks of larger projects, interview prep, and a cumulative combination of everything we learned in the first 6 weeks.

For my experience in Fullstack, I feel very proud and happy to have been a part of my cohort. Everyone was very positive and encouraging towards each other; though we all came from different backgrounds, each of us wanted to learn how to become better developers and better themselves. For me, the process of learning at Fullstack definitely allowed me to absorb a whole lot more compared to more traditional methods:
<ul>
<li><strong>Pair programming</strong>, struggling alongside a partner on a workshop and figuring out a way to reach our desired results for our applications was very fun. Compared to the stress of working at a problem alone, learning from someone else and their methods helped me get a better grasp on the lessons.</li>
<li><strong>Instructors and fellows</strong> were always available to help us out through the workshop via “help tickets” where we would explain our problems to them and they would nudge us in the right direction. Two instructors who stood out to me are Omri and Joe. Both of them were very helpful and very cool in teaching us all sorts of material, great attitudes to help those of us who may have gotten discouraged from a roadblock in our code.</li>
<li><strong>Senior Phase</strong>, actually creating our own projects and stepping out of the boundaries of the workshops that we started with. Collaborating with fellow students, learning more about version control, familiarizing ourselves with build tools, experimenting with newer technologies, were just a few of the things that we were able to do.</li>
</ul>

Though it may have been intense and tough, I would say that going to Fullstack Academy was worth it for me. I loved the time I spent with my friends at Fullstack Academy. Definitely one of the moments in my life that changed who I am for the better.