---
layout: post
title:  An Endgame Keyboard
date: 2018-09-11
tags: [words, programming, style]
comments: false
---

It's been quite awhile since I've last written a blog post. Well, this time, it's going to be about one thing that I've finally found, that I've been meaning to use for awhile. A proper keyboard, one that would make sense to use every day and that has a very nice feedback on the ways that you would use it.

For me, it was first love using Topre switches. First learning of them through a friend that purchase a super expensive Happy Happy Keyboard from PFU. That was my first experience with Topre switches. The amount of feedback and the lack of noisy clacking was one that I could very well be a fan of. And so, further went my journey in the realm of Mechanical Keyboards. I had first started messing around with Mechanical Keyboards back when I was in College. I remember using my CUNY Id to score a discount with the team, for what was a very expensive and quality product back in the day. The excitement I had in the summer days talking with friends about the eventual Das Keyboard that I would own.

Fast forward a bit to early 2017. This was the introduction of the famed Topre Switch from Massdrop. They had set up a group buy of the Realforce RGB and I just had to have one. The Topre Switches in the drop were the same famed one I was looking for (or so I had thought back then). But the comments said that it was available even more immediately from Amazon, and so I ordered it from there instead. Typing on this has always been a blast, and whenever I would come home and use my Das Keyboard, it paled in comparison to the key feel that I adored from the Topre board that I used. 

And now the real end game keyboard has finally come to me. After fellow keyboard enthusiast co-worker linked me the PFU x Realforce keyboard that you see here. It was a gamble I had to take. Despite the fact that it was only available in Japan and there were very few keyboards available, I just had to take the risk and it's one that would work out perfectly for me. This is the true end game keyboard for me, it doesn't clack annoyingly and it's very smooth and enjoyable to type on. With this, I can hit 100 WPM with enjoyment.

P.S. If you apply some silencing rings to the Realforce RGB, that also makes a ton of difference and they'll be much less annyoing to use similar to the R2.
